Release (#716)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## New feature

## 1.2.0 - 2020-12-04

## New feature

> - Support for authenticated scripts: It is now possible to give to a script as login
> parameters a refresh token, as well as a client ID and secret, to enable it accessing
> private resources on one's Pod. This means that it is now easier to write small backend
> scripts interacting with your Pod, if you don't want to develop a Web app.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for authenticated scripts: It's now possible to provide a script login
parameters for a refresh token, a client ID and a client secret, to enable it access
private resources on a Pod. This means that it's now easier to write small backend
scripts which can interact with Pods in an automated way (i.e. no human interaction
required).

```
